Add Rancher example on 2 nodes (#614)
suse-edge/edge-image-builder: examples/README.md

Examples in this section require more setup than a simple image definition file and base image. This
section will describe the necessary image configuration directory structure and supplemental files 
in order to run each definition.

### rancher-2-nodes

| Option       | Default Value                                                      |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Base Image   | `base-images/SL-Micro.aarch64-6.0-Base-SelfInstall-GM.install.iso` |
| Output Image | `out/rancher-2node-aarch64-6.0.iso`                                |

> * A multi node configuration that runs Rancher Prime. 1st node functions as server node, 2nd node functions as agent node. This can be used to spin up only 1 node too.

Reviewer: Suggest we write out `first` rather than `1st`, and `one` instead of `1`.

> * This definition is used to run VMs on Apple Silicon Mac, by defaulting installation device to `/dev/vda`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This definition is used to run VMs on Apple Silicon Mac, and defaulting the installation device to `/dev/vda`. 
```

> * 1st node uses 192.168.64.1 ip and 2nd node uses 192.168.64.2 ip. Update the MAC address in `network/node1.suse.com.yaml` and `network/node2.suse.com.yaml` accordingly so the interface can pick up the intended ip. The cluster uses 192.168.64.11 VIP and you may want to update the IPs for your subnet configuration.

Reviewer: IP address, maybe?

> * Update `sccRegistrationCode` with a proper code for SLE Micro 6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update `sccRegistrationCode` with a valid SUSE registration code for SUSE Linux Micro 6.0.
```
